<details>
<summary>Click to expand the TED Talk Transcript</summary>

I have a boring company, which is, we're trying to dig tunnels under L.A. And this is to alleviate traffic. Traffic is the soul-destroying thing. It's like acid on the soul. (Laughter) And so, we're going to try to dig a tunnel and maybe build a multi-level tunnel system under L.A. We have a pet snail called Gary, from "SpongeBob SquarePants." Gary is capable of currently going 14 times faster than a tunnel-boring machine. (Laughter) We want to beat Gary. He's not a patient little fellow, and that will be a victory. Victory is beating the snail. We have a really simple concept, which is that you're driving along the road and you get onto a skate. And the skate goes down into the tunnel, and then it goes at high speed to your destination. So you can go at, like, 125 miles an hour, 200 km/h, something like that. You should be able to get from, say, Westwood to LAX in five or six minutes. So that's the idea.

I think one of the most important things is to have a future that is inspiring and appealing. I just think there have to be reasons that you get up in the morning and you want to live. Like, why do you want to live? What's the point? What inspires you? What do you love about the future? And if the future does not include being out there among the stars and being a multi-planet species, I find that incredibly depressing. And so, that's what we're trying to do. We're trying to make the future better.

The key to making this work is to have a rapidly and completely reusable rocket. This is the holy grail of rocketry. It is the fundamental invention that is necessary for humanity to become a spacefaring civilization. There have been reusable rockets in the past, but they have been only partially reusable. The space shuttle was partially reusable, but the main tank was thrown away every time. The booster rockets were recovered, but they had to be disassembled and rebuilt at great cost. So the space shuttle, in the end, it cost about a billion and a half dollars per flight. And the cost of the propellant was only about $600,000. So the cost of the propellant, the fuel, is about 0.04 percent of the cost of the flight. So it's like if you had an aircraft, and you had to throw the aircraft away after every flight. This would be insane. Nobody would fly.

So we need to have a rocket that is like an aircraft. And the way to do that is to have a rocket that can take off and land vertically. And so, we've been working on this for a long time at SpaceX. And we've had some success. We've landed the first stage of the Falcon 9 rocket 13 times now. And we're going to be re-flying one of those rockets for the first time in a few months. And so, this is, I think, a very important step towards humanity becoming a multi-planet species.

</details>